Don't be impulsive.
My friend will be here soon.
Even if it is the king of heaven, I am not afraid
Ye Ting is a thief
Don't let him get away
Don't move.
It's bleeding, I'll accompany him to the hospital
Yingying accompany him to the hospital
He was hurt for me
I should accompany him back to the company with me
Yo, isn't this Sun Jian?
This injury hasn't healed yet
I can't wait to find Su Ran
It has nothing to do with you who I'm looking for
Why is it none of my business?
Aren't we comrades on the same front?
What do you mean?
Sun Jian, stop pretending to be stupid
You can't get Su Ran like this.
No matter how much you love him
He won't even look at you
Unless unless something
Unless raw rice is cooked
Maybe Su Ran will give up on Yan Ting
I'm kind enough to help you
What do we do next?
You know better than me